Fix: peer review landing page (#287)
pyOpenSci/pyopensci.github.io: _pages/about-peer-review.md

    url: https://www.pyopensci.org/python-package-guide/
    btn_label: "> View our Author Guide"
    btn_class: btn--inverse
toc: false
classes: flowing
---

{% include feature_row id="intro" type="center" %}

<div class="pyos-section purple">
<div class="content" markdown="1">

{% include feature_row id="peer_review" type="left" %}

</div>
</div>

{% include div_purple_bottom.html  %}

<div class="pyos-section" markdown="1">
<div class="content" markdown="1">

{% include feature_row id="benefits_scientists" type="right" %}
{% include feature_row id="benefits_maintainers" type="right" %}

</div>
</div>

<!-- {% include div_purple_top.html  %} -->

<div class="pyos-section purple">
<div class="content" markdown="1">

## Get involved with peer review

{% include feature_row_pyos id="get-involved" %}

</div>
</div>

{% include div_purple_bottom.html  %}
{: .clearall }

<div class="content noimage" markdown="1">

## Meet our editorial board

> The pyOpenSci software peer review process is lead by a volunteer team of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pyOpenSci software peer review process is led by a volunteer team of
```

editors from the scientific Python community. Editors do the following things:

> * They find reviewers from diverse backgrounds for each package that is submitted that have a mixture of scientific domain and Python experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* They find reviewers from diverse backgrounds who have a mixture of scientific domain and Python experience.
```

---
layout: splash
permalink: /about-peer-review/
title: "pyOpenSci Reviews Scientific Python Software"
header:
  overlay_image: images/header.jpg
  overlay_filter: 0.6
intro:

>   - excerpt: "Our open peer review process supports scientists getting credit and support for the work invested in developing scientific Python tools. It also supports scientists finding vetted and maintainer software to drive their open science workflows."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - excerpt: "Our open peer review process supports scientists getting credit and recognition for the work invested in developing scientific Python tools. It also supports scientists finding vetted and maintained software to drive their open science workflows."
```

scientists:
  - image_path: images/pyopensci-people-at-computer.jpg
    alt: "A pencil sketch of a round table with people sitting around it from different backgrounds working on laptops and also writing together."
    excerpt: "More here"
    title: "Scientists need vetted, maintained open source tools"
benefits_scientists:
  - image_path: images/pyopensci-people-at-computer.jpg
    alt: "A pencil sketch of a round table with people sitting around it from different backgrounds working on laptops and also writing together."

>     excerpt: "Scientists need trusted and vetted tools that they can easily use to support their open science workflows. Over time and through our [partnerships with domain specific communities](partners.html) our catalog of tools that scientists can trust will grow. "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    excerpt: "Scientists need trusted and vetted tools to support their open science workflows. Through our [partnerships with domain specific communities](partners.html) our catalog of trusted tools for scientists will grow. "
```

Reviewer: @lwasser this is the link that is causing CI to error.

    title: "Benefits of software peer review for scientists"
benefits_maintainers:
  - image_path: images/pyopensci-people-at-computer.jpg
    alt: "A pencil sketch of a round table with people sitting around it from different backgrounds working on laptops and also writing together."

>     excerpt: "Peer review provides a form of academic credit that is nor currently available to scientists developing software. Further, navigating the Python packaging ecosystem can be challenging, even for seasoned Pythonistas. Our diverse community supports scientific package maintainers in their efforts to develop and build robust software."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    excerpt: "Peer review provides a form of academic credit currently unavailable to scientists developing software. Further, peer review multiplies shared knowledge, such as navigating the Python packaging ecosystem, which is challenging, even for seasoned Pythonistas. Our diverse community supports scientific package maintainers in their efforts to develop and build robust software."
```

>     excerpt: "Peer review provides a form of academic credit currently unavailable to scientists developing software. Further, peer review multiplies shared knowledge, such as navigating the Python packaging ecosystem, which is challenging, even for seasoned Pythonistas. Our diverse community supports scientific package maintainers in their efforts to develop and build robust software."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    excerpt: The pyOpenSci peer review process multiplies shared knowledge, making it easier for Pythonistas of all levels to accomplish challenging tasks, such as navigating the Python packaging ecosystem, with relative ease. And our diverse community supports scientific package maintainers in their efforts to develop and build robust software."
```

>     title: "Benefits for open source maintainers"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    title: "pyOS software peer review benefits open source maintainers"
```

peer_review:
  - image_path: images/pyopensci-people-at-computer.jpg
    alt: "A pencil sketch of a round table with people sitting around it from different backgrounds working on laptops and also writing together."

>     excerpt: "Software peer review, similar to review of scientific papers, is a process where scientists vet software code, documentation and infrastructure. pyOpenSci leads an [open peer review process](https://www.pyopensci.org/software-peer-review/our-process/how-review-works.html) run by a community of dedicated volunteers. Reviews are supportive and fully transparent with the shared goal of improving the quality, usability and maintainability of the software that is driving open science.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    excerpt: "Software peer review, similar to the review of scientific papers, is a process where scientists vet software code, documentation and infrastructure. pyOpenSci leads an [open peer review process](https://www.pyopensci.org/software-peer-review/our-process/how-review-works.html) run by a community of dedicated volunteers. Reviews are supportive and fully transparent with the shared goal of improving the quality, usability and maintainability of the software that is driving open science."
```

>     excerpt: "Software peer review, similar to review of scientific papers is a process where scientists vet software code, documentation and infrastructure. pyOpenSci leads an [open peer review process](https://www.pyopensci.org/software-peer-review/our-process/how-review-works.html) run by a community of dedicated volunteers. Reviews are supportive and fully transparent with the shared goal of improving the quality, usability and maintainability of the software that is driving open science.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    excerpt: "Software peer review, similar to review of scientific papers, is a process where scientists vet software code, documentation and infrastructure. pyOpenSci leads an [open peer review process](https://www.pyopensci.org/software-peer-review/our-process/how-review-works.html) run by a community of dedicated volunteers. Reviews are supportive and fully transparent with the shared goal of improving the quality, usability and maintainability of the software that is driving open science.
```

>     * Our [partnership with the Journal of Open Source Software](https://www.pyopensci.org/software-peer-review/partners/joss.html) further allows scientists to record academic credit for their work through a cross-ref enabled DOI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Our [partnership with the Journal of Open Source Software](https://www.pyopensci.org/software-peer-review/partners/joss.html) allows scientists to record academic credit for their work through a cross-ref enabled DOI.
    * ```

>     * Reviews are led by diverse teams of people from different backgrounds to enhance the feedback quality."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Diverse teams lead each review, enhancing the overall feedback quality."
```

>     * Reviews are lead by diverse teams of people from different backgrounds to enhance the their quality."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Reviews are led by diverse teams of people from different backgrounds to enhance the feedback quality."
```

    title: "About peer review of scientific Python software"
joss:
  - image_path: images/pyopensci-people-at-computer.jpg
    alt: "A pencil sketch of a round table with people sitting around it from different backgrounds working on laptops and also writing together."
    excerpt: "You don't have to chose between pyOpenSci and JOSS. We have a collaboration with
JOSS where you can submit your package to us for review. If your package is accepted

> and if it is in scope for JOSS, it will then be fast tracked through their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and if it is in scope for JOSS, it will then be fast tracked through JOSS'
```

review process; they will only review your paper.md file. Consider this a

> win-win!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    excerpt: "Our collaboration with JOSS means that you don't have to chose between pyOpenSci and JOSS. Submit your package to pyOS for review, and if your package is accepted and in scope for JOSS, it will be fast-tracked through JOSS' review process; they will only review your `paper.md` file. It's a win-win!"
```

Author: i want to commit this one but i suspect this edit needs to be applied to lines 38-42 and here it's replacing just line 42 with that entire blog of text. i'll come back to this edit !! the text is excellent!

    excerpt: "Software peer review, similar to the review of scientific papers, is a process where scientists vet software code, documentation and infrastructure. pyOpenSci leads an [open peer review process](https://www.pyopensci.org/software-peer-review/our-process/how-review-works.html) run by a community of dedicated volunteers. Reviews are supportive and fully transparent with the shared goal of improving the quality, usability and maintainability of the software that is driving open science."

    * Our [partnership with the Journal of Open Source Software](https://www.pyopensci.org/software-peer-review/partners/joss.html) allows scientists to record academic credit for their work through a cross-ref enabled DOI.
    * ```

    * Diverse teams lead each review, enhancing the overall feedback quality."
    title: "About peer review of scientific Python software"
joss:
  - image_path: images/pyopensci-people-at-computer.jpg
    alt: "A pencil sketch of a round table with people sitting around it from different backgrounds working on laptops and also writing together."

>     excerpt: "You don't have to chose between pyOpenSci and JOSS. We have a collaboration with
> JOSS where you can submit your package to us for review. If your package is accepted
> and if it is in scope for JOSS, it will then be fast tracked through JOSS'
> review process; they will only review your paper.md file. Consider this a
> win-win!

Author: ```suggestion
    excerpt: "You don't have to chose between pyOpenSci and JOSS. We have a collaboration with
JOSS where you can submit your package to us for review. If your package is accepted
and if it is in scope for JOSS, it will then be fast tracked through JOSS'
review process; they will only review your paper.md file. Consider this a
win-win!](excerpt: "Our collaboration with JOSS means that you don't have to chose between pyOpenSci and JOSS. Submit your package to pyOS for review, and if your package is accepted and in scope for JOSS, it will be fast-tracked through JOSS' review process; they will only review your `paper.md` file. It's a win-win!"
```

>     excerpt: "You don't have to chose between pyOpenSci and JOSS. We have a collaboration with
> JOSS where you can submit your package to us for review. If your package is accepted
> and if it is in scope for JOSS, it will then be fast tracked through JOSS'
> review process; they will only review your paper.md file. Consider this a
> win-win!

Author: ```suggestion
    excerpt: "Our collaboration with JOSS means that you don't have to chose between pyOpenSci and JOSS. Submit your package to pyOS for review, and if your package is accepted and in scope for JOSS, it will be fast-tracked through JOSS' review process; they will only review your `paper.md` file. It's a win-win!"
```

</div>

<br clear="both">
</div>
<div class="wide__p_text" markdown="1">

> <!-- ### Who can submit a package?

Reviewer: Unless you are going to use this in the next week or so, I would remove all comments as they clutter the content and can always be resurrected from the repo history.

Author: great point - i'll do that now!!
